Trace API: Update mentions of SpanContext as parent. (#1023)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/api.md

In general, in the absence of an installed SDK, the Trace API is a "no-op" API.
This means that operations on a Tracer, or on Spans, should have no side effects and do nothing. However, there
is one important exception to this general rule, and that is related to propagation of a `SpanContext`:
The API MUST create a [Propagated Span](#propagated-span-creation) with the `SpanContext`
that is in the `Span` in the parent `Context`
(whether explicitly given or implicit current) or
it MAY return the same parent Propagated Span instance back from the creation method, if the parent is a Propagated Span
(which it usually always is if no SDK is present).

> If the parent `Context` contains no `Span`, an empty Propagated Span MUST be returend instead
> (having a SpanContext with all-zero span and trace ID, empty tracestate, unsampled trace flags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the parent `Context` contains no `Span`, an empty Propagated Span MUST be returned instead
(having a SpanContext with all-zero Span and Trace IDs, empty Tracestate, and unsampled TraceFlags).
```

> (having a SpanContext with all-zero Span and Trace IDs, empty Tracestate, and unsampled TraceFlags).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(i.e., having a SpanContext with all-zero Span and Trace IDs, empty Tracestate, and unsampled TraceFlags).
```

In general, in the absence of an installed SDK, the Trace API is a "no-op" API.
This means that operations on a Tracer, or on Spans, should have no side effects and do nothing. However, there
is one important exception to this general rule, and that is related to propagation of a `SpanContext`:
The API MUST create a [Propagated Span](#propagated-span-creation) with the `SpanContext`

> that is in the `Span` in the parent `Context`
> (whether explicitly given or implicit current) or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that is in the `Span` in the parent `Context` (whether explicitly given or implicit current) or,
```

> it MAY return the same parent Propagated Span instance back from the creation method, if the parent is a Propagated Span

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if the parent is a Propagated Span, it MAY return the same parent Propagated Span instance back from the creation method
```
I'd move the condition in between, otherwise the sentence looks a bit odd ("It MUST do X or MAY do Y")

Author: Good catch, but I did 67768c705f42825f962ef152bdc11fb2fd8997ee instead.

The following cases must be considered when a new Span is requested to be created, especially in relation to the
requested parent SpanContext:

> * A `Context` containing a valid `SpanContext` (within a Propagation Span) is specified as the parent of the new `Span`:

Reviewer 3: I am completely lost, Propagation Span is as any other Span just a Span. why not saying 
"A `Context` containing a valid `SpanContext` (within a Span)"?

Author: This is equivalent here because the section is "Behavior of the API in the absence of an installed SDK".

Reviewer 3: Indeed, but even if someone has it's own Span implementation we will use that as a parent. Unless you want us to check for the instance of the Span to be "PropagationSpan"

Author: I rewrote this section in 4164e1d. Resolving.

  The API MUST treat this parent context as the context for the newly created `Span`.
  This means that a `SpanContext` that has been provided by a configured `Propagator`
  will be propagated through to any child span, but that no new `SpanContext`s will be created.
* A `Context` containing no valid `SpanContext` (within a Propagation Span) is specified as the parent of the new `Span`:

>   The API MUST create an non-valid (both SpanID and TradeID are equivalent to being all zeros) `Span` for use
>   by the API caller. This means that both the `TraceID` and the `SpanID` should be invalid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The API MUST create a [Propagated Span](#propagated-span-creation) with a non-valid `SpanContext`
  (i.e., both SpanID and TraceID are equivalent to being all zeros) for use by the API caller.
```

The IDs are on the SpanContext rather than directly on the span and we should also fix the "TradeID" typo. The last sentence is redundant IMHO and also relaxing the MUST requirement stated in the previous sentence.
